Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 7]
[Longing Heart]
Ms. Lee.
To be honest, I think that...
I haven't forgotten
anything, either.
So...
I don't think it'd be right of me
to hold onto this any longer.
I'm sorry...
that I'm returning this to you so late.
Here.
I'm sorry.
It's just that you look
so much like my friend.
It's raining.
We're here.
It's that hospital
over there.
Why... are we at the hospital?
That's where I work.
I'm a doctor, you see.
A doctor.
That suits you well.
They've even built
a hospital here now.
This place sure has changed a lot.
Is this the first time in a while
that you've come here?
It's been ten years.
Ten... years?
I lived here briefly
when I was in high school
but this is the first time I came
back after I left to study abroad.
Yes, Senior?
I'm in front of the hospital.
So she did end up leaving to study
abroad back then, after all?
Senior.
Why did you come out here
when I told you that I'm already here?
I've been waiting outside
since it started raining.
Who's this?
Well... um...
He shared his umbrella with me
since it was raining.
Oh.
Where have you been?
Did you meet up with your friends
from back in high school, or something?
I haven't talked to any of them
in the past ten years, after all.
What about that friend
from back at the hospital?
That was the first time that I'd seen
Shin Woo in ten years, too.
Thank you for the umbrella.
Sure.
We have no time, Marty.
We're on a tight schedule, here.
Tell me about my future.
I mean, I know I make it big,
but what do I...
Oh, hey!
You're back?
You know, I thought about it
and I think we need to try
near a body of water.
I'm talking about you
returning to the past!
Where should we go first?
The ocean?
Firefly Bridge!
I'm not going back.
What?
I said, I'm not going back!
Hey, what are you talking about?
You said you were going back, so how
could you change your mind now?
You were the one who lied first!
- About what?
- You said things were going well.
Oh.
So you call falling out of touch with
someone for ten years "doing well?"
And another thing!
Why didn't you tell me that Ji Soo
would be leaving to study abroad
when I go back?
Who said that, huh? Who?
Ji Soo did!
She said it with her own mouth!
You... met with Ji Soo?
Ji Soo is here right now?
Hey! Hey, wake up!
Ji Soo didn't recognize you?
Ji Soo didn't say anything?
Huh? Hey!
Ugh, damn it!
Um...
what's your name,
by the way?
Later.
I'll tell you later.
How is it that he looks
so much like him?
Do you think I'll change my mind
because you made this?
- Don't eat, then.
- Hey, whoa.
Hey.
What are you even going to do here,
if you don't go back?
I never said that I was
going to do anything.
I just... need some time.
I'm sick of being separated from people
when I haven't prepared myself for it
and not being able to
see people ever again.
At the very least...
I can see Ji Soo here.
Even if she's 28 years old now.
Wow.
Oh wow, I almost said yes!
No, no, no.
Hey, Kang Shin Woo.
Let's think about this
logically for a second.
What do you mean?
The reason Ji Soo didn't recognize you
was because you got lucky.
I came from the future.
But you came from the past, so all
of our friends will recognize you.
Think about Geun Deok,
Min Seok, and So Ra!
How will you explain this when you
run into them, huh?
But, Teach.
If you suddenly saw a kid who looks just
like Min Seok when he was in high school
what would you think?
Hm.
Maybe he's a relative of his?
A time slip, versus a relative
who has a strong resemblance.
Which one of those two
seem to be more probable?
Logically.
Hm. The relative thing would
probably be more logical.
It's settled, then.
Let's pretend that
we're relatives.
Hey!
If you're going to keep doing things
the way you want to
then get out of here!
Go be homeless in
front of Ji Soo's hospital
or live a reckless life on the streets!
Do whatever you want!
Mr. Kang.
I don't think we've quite established
the state you're in right now.
You're not exactly in the position
to be threatening me right now.
- What?
- I'm your past self.
So if I live a reckless life, what do
you think will happen to your life?
Do you really want me to
live a reckless life?
Ugh!
That little...
Is he a genius?
Ugh.
Jeez, how did he get so smart?
Seriously though,
what do I do about him?
What do you use to shave?
This.
You can wash your face with
this and shave with it.
Wow, you can do both?
2017 sure is awesome.
I'll give it to you.
I'll give you 10 boxes,
no, 100 boxes!
Take it all, and go back, okay?
I can just use it here.
Ugh!
Wow, 2017!
Why are you doing this?
So this isn't enough, huh?
Should I just drown you in the tub?
Ugh, seriously!
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
- Kang Shin Woo!
- It's So Ra.
So Ra?
Don't move a muscle, and stay here!
And don't come out, no matter what!
Why not? I'm curious to see
how our friends are doing.
You can just say that
I'm your relative.
Hey!
Don't you know that Jang So Ra
has amazingly sharp eyes?
Shut your mouth and
stay in here, got it?
Jeez!
Did you fight with Min Seok again?
Hey.
Have you been able to contact
our homeroom teacher from
our second year in high school?
W-why are you asking about
him all of the sudden?
Why did he have to say such
nonsensical things
to Kim Min Seok back then,
and give him false hopes?
What?
Kim Min Seok said that
he's quitting his job.
He said that he wants to
start drawing again.
So?
What do you mean, "so?"
I told him to sign divorce papers while
writing his letter of resignation, too.
So Ra and Min Seok... got married?
Just see what happens if I run into
that homeroom teacher again.
If I get a divorce,
it's all that teacher's fault.
I'm sorry.
It's not like I was the only one who
was involved in creating our kid.
Does he think that things are
only hard for him?
"His dream"?
What a crock of shit.
He's not the only one who
had to give up on his dreams.
Do you think I'm living like this in the
prime of my youth because I want to?
I guess that sex-ed
wasn't very effective.
But, hey.
Don't you remember
that teacher telling you two
to resolve your fights among
yourselves, back then?
What?
Nothing.
Oh, yeah.
Geun Deok said he's done shooting
his movie, so he's coming here.
I think he's going to be staying here
while he takes a break.
Oh.
Geun Deok was shooting a movie?
Did he become a celebrity?
So, we planned to all meet up tomorrow.
Do you have time tomorrow?
Yeah, I have time.
But, is it okay if I invite
one more person?
Who?
If that person agrees to come,
then I'll tell you.
Sure.
I'll be going now. I have to go pick up
my second eldest kid.
Hey, Jang So Ra.
Yeah?
You're still pretty.
Are you trying to pick a
fight with me, right now?
You looked like you were sparkling even
when you only had a school uniform on.
And you're the same now.
My friend, Jang So Ra,
isn't going anywhere!
She looks pretty,
even with just a t-shirt on.
Just like you were back then.
I mean, seriously...
Oh no.
Hey, I'm going to use your bathroom.
Huh?
Um, wait!
Just a second!
Hey!
I told you not to
crawl out of there, didn't I?
Hurry up and get back in there!
Wait!
She said she wants
to use the bathroom!
Oh yeah!
Ow!
Ow, my arm!
My arm!
Go, go, go!
Get in there!
Is someone here?
No, who could possibly be here?
The bathroom is here.
Oh, okay.
Ow! Ow!
Are you sure you're not
just over-exaggerating it?
Are you sure you're even hurt?
Why don't you recall your own past
and think about whether or not you were
the type of 18 year old to do that!
You're definitely a needy 18 year old
that's costing me a fortune, for sure.
Just go back, already!
Ugh, seriously!
Are you sure that this wasn't all
a part of your scheme?
You're the one who sprayed water on me!
What? Did you just refer
to me in a disrespectful way?
Why is it that you're speaking
more and more impudently to me?
Come to think of it
I have no reason to call you
my teacher anymore.
After all, you're me.
Isn't that right, Shin Woo?
Ugh!
It's not completely fractured,
but there is a tiny crack on your bone.
We can formally admit you to the
hospital and keep an eye on it
or you can just go to the outpatient
clinic since it's not too severe.
I want to be admitted to the hospital!
But he doesn't have his
health insurance on file.
It'll cost quite a lot
if he's hospitalized.
I want to be admitted to the hospital.
If I can't be hospitalized with just a
tiny crack, I'll just break the bone!
Ow!
Then, we'll have you admitted for a
few days and monitor your injury.
Oh, so he looks so much like you
since he's your relative, Shin Woo?
Um, yeah.
He's my relative, but also my disciple.
Disciple?
Oh, didn't I tell you?
I became a teacher.
A high school teacher.
Right, my disciple?
Yes.
Aren't you going to say,
"Yes, Teacher?"
But, what's his name?
He wouldn't tell me
last time, either.
And his file says that
his name is "anonymous."
His name is Deok Goo!
Deok Goo!
It's because he has this kind of name
that he hates telling it to people.
Oh... so that's why.
That's the name of the dog
that we used to have!
No, that's not my name...
How dare you speak
informally to me!
Oh.
Please be understanding.
He used to live abroad.
So not only does he
have no insurance
but he also has no manners!
No, my name isn't Deok Goo!
He can just go to his hospital room
after he's done being treated.
Are you here for good?
Something came up.
I'm going to go back to Seoul
as soon as I'm given the chance.
Can we talk for a bit?
- Tomorrow, I...
- Sorry.
I'm busy right now.
Shall I send the patient in, Doctor?
Yes.
S... Shin Woo.
What? I really am a patient.
I hurt this a while back,
but I didn't get it treated.
And, oh yeah. I was in
a car accident, too.
Let me see. Where does it hurt,
and how does it hurt, exactly?
But...
if you just sit here
for five minutes
I think it'll get all better.
I don't have time for this.
If you don't want to see me
for an appointment...
What I want to see
is you eating.
It's way past lunchtime now
so you need to eat, at the very least!
And it's not like you're the
only doctor at this hospital.
When will you be done seeing patients?
Let's go eat together.
This guy came with you, too?
I thought this friend
of yours lived in Seoul!
Doctor.
One of the hospitalized patients
is asking for you.
You didn't eat, Senior?
Yeah, so that I could eat with you.
Eat this, then.
Hey, I told you.
I want us to eat together.
I don't have an appetite.
Ugh, and I had something
to talk to her about, too.
What are you doing?
I didn't buy this for you to eat!
And I already ate...
um, sir.
What is it?
Um, I was trying to look up and
I think that my neck kind of hurts.
Goodness.
Why?
Does it hurt a lot?
Doctor.
Do I have to take
this medicine?
Probably, if you want to
use that arm again.
I have to eat food if I want to
take this medicine
but I don't have an appetite.
I think that, if someone eats
something in front of me
I might have an appetite again.
Can't you...
eat a bit of this for me, Doctor?
You... want me to
eat your food?
What is it?
It's just that this
reminds me of the past.
I can just eat this for you.
Hey, I already ate
some of it, though!
There was a friend of mine
who looked just like you.
And he ate my meal for me once,
a long time ago.
Then, just pretend that you're
repaying your debt to that friend...
and eat some of this.
At least just a little.
If I eat some of this, then
you have to eat, too, okay?
That way, you'll be able
to take your medicine.
Of course.
But, what kind of teacher
is your teacher, at school?
Does he seem like
a good teacher to you?
Well, yes.
It's a bit awkward for me
to say that, though.
I thought as much.
He was quite a great friend
back then, too.
But, is your name
really Deok Goo?
W-why?
I mean, you used to live overseas,
and yet your name is Deok Goo, so...
What?
It's nothing.
Now that I think about it,
it's a great name.
This name, I mean.
Wow, I didn't know you had
such a skilled patient.
It's been so long since
I've seen you smile like that.
Oh!
Isn't this guy the one who had
the umbrella yesterday?
Yes.
He's a patient who was
hospitalized today.
Wow, is it okay for me to
be jealous of a patient?
Ji Soo, I think I'm sick.
He's a high schooler, okay?
What's this about?
You came around before, too.
I wanted to let you know that
you have tomorrow afternoon off.
No, I'm not.
Yeah, exactly.
I figured you'd feel bad, so I
took care of your schedule for you.
What?
This day only comes around once a year,
so can't you remember it, already?
Tomorrow is my birthday!
Oh, I'm sorry, Senior!
I've had to remind you last year,
and all the years before that!
Does the birthday person have to
keep saying that it's their birthday?
It's embarrassing!
You feel super bad
about it, right?
But, if you eat dinner with me tomorrow
I'll forgive this transgression.
If she's celebrated your birthday
with you every year
I think it'd be meaningful for you
to spend it alone this year
and spend the day with thankful thoughts
toward your mom, who gave birth to you.
Ugh, do you live at the
hospital, or something?
Don't you ever go home?
All of our friends are
meeting up tomorrow.
Geun Deok, Min Seok, and So Ra.
All of them have missed you a lot.
So spend just
one day with us.
It's been ten years, after all.
I'm not going to that.
I'm just asking you to come
and see our friends, is all.
I'm sure that you'll run into them
at least once while you're here.
So wouldn't it make you uncomfortable
to randomly bump into them instead?
The thing that's making me
feel uncomfortable right now
is you.
Remember what I said last time?
About how we should never
see each other again?
I meant that.
It can't be helped that I'll run
into you at the hospital, sure.
But let's keep our relationship as one
between a doctor and a guardian.
Nothing more.
So, why, exactly?
Why do we have to do that?
At any rate, I can't go,
so just be aware of that.
Han... Han Ji Soo!
[DramaFever Ver] E07 Longing Heart
-= Ruo Xi =-
Who on earth...
was that doctor from before?
Ten years ago...
I want to make things official
between us, and date you.
he was the third year that
confessed to Ji Soo.
What kind of relationship
does he have with Ji Soo?
Are those two dating?
I don't think they are.
Not yet.
But who knows.
"But who knows?"
How could you say something like that?
Hey, calm down.
You're a patient.
How could I not be
worked up right now?
It's bad enough that
we're not friends anymore,
and I'm merely her patient!
But now I know that,
in ten years
I'll be nothing more than her
patient's guardian!
That's why I told you to go back!
No good will come out of you
knowing your future!
Wow.
So, this is how you're acting now,
and yet you told me to confess
lectured me about regrets,
and acted all high and mighty toward me?
Hey, Kang Shin Woo.
You remember the last time
you met Ji Soo, right?
Yes.
To me, that only happened
a couple days ago, after all.
Did anything seem off
about Ji Soo that day?
Did something happen?
What's this about your mom?
It's nothing.
I have to go for now.
Let's talk about it again,
after I get back.
I'll call you!
There wasn't anything in particular
that seemed off about her.
So then, why...
did that day become the last day
that we met with Ji Soo?
[In Search of Lost Time]
We're meeting at 7 p.m.
at Garam Bar tonight.
I'll be waiting for you.
[Senior Joo Hwan]
Yes, Senior?
Did you know?
Know what?
In front of me right now
are two plates, two sets
of knives and forks
and there are two wine glasses, too.
But I'm super lonely
and all alone here.
If you don't come, I'll light the
candles, clap, and sing by myself.
And I'll take a photo
while I cry
and I'll send you that photo every day
until my birthday next year.
Wow.
I bet you'll feel so, so bad.
Right?
So, where are you now?
Just a moment, Senior.
I'll call you back.
What are you doing,
with that arm?
Do you want me to lend you an ear?
That's my specialty.
What?
You look like you need someone
to lend you an ear right now.
Right now, what I'm worried about
is a high school-aged patient who won't
listen to his attending physician.
Also, I didn't know there were doctors
who got consultations from patients.
Then... be my friend instead.
If I get this in,
will you be my friend?
So...
you're not dating that doctor, right?
I told you, no!
He's just a senior who's like
an older brother to me.
I know a little about
brother-sister relationships
but there aren't any big brothers
who make such aggressive moves!
He does that to all women.
And it's because I know that
that I'm tolerant of it.
But, why am I telling you
about these things?
What's the problem, then?
You can just go and meet up
with your friends.
Hasn't it been ten years?
Is it because of my teacher,
by any chance?
It's just that it's been ten years, now.
What's the point in
seeing them now?
When ten years go by
feelings and memories
grow quite faint.
I'm sure you don't quite
know that yet, though.
Shall we head in now?
You're lying.
You wanted to see them.
And even now...
you want to see them.
I heard this book is perfect for reading
when you can't fall asleep.
If I can't fall asleep, all I need to do
is read two pages, and I'll be asleep.
So I don't think you would've read
a book like this so intently.
The thing you were looking at intently...
was something else, right?
If you feel awkward and shy about
seeing them after ten years
I'll be the center of attention instead.
What?
You were quite surprised
when you first met me
because you said that I look just like
my teacher when he was young.
So if you go with me, they'll
all be too busy staring at me.
Let's go together...
to do what you
really want to do.
So.
You ended up submitting your
letter of resignation, after all?
You know that the first character
in the word, "letter of resignation"
means "death," right?
What you're saying right now is that
you want to die by my hand, right?
Whoa!
I tried to stop him.
I really did.
I'll really try hard.
So just give me a chance.
Just once, please?
What is that?
I thought you were done with your shoot!
Get that out of here!
No, I can't! I need to maintain my looks
even more on my down time!
It's great for your skin.
Want to try it, too?
Get that out of my face.
Oh yeah, I heard you
invited one more person.
Who is it?
You came all this way.
So it'd be a shame
to just leave now.
[New text from: Ji Soo]
I'm sorry, Senior.
I don't think I can come today.
Happy birthday.
Ow! Wait, that hurts!
Are you out of your mind?
Have you lost it?
How could you come here?
My guardian is here, and I'm not
even wearing my school uniform!
So there's no reason that
I can't come.
I'm not talking about that!
Didn't you see the look on
their faces earlier?
Well, they fell for our lie, and
they think I'm your relative.
But, wow. Our friends haven't
changed at all.
It's seriously so amazing!
When we go back in there, keep
your mouth shut as much as you can.
And don't say any useless things, got it?
I heard that you became a doctor
but I didn't know
that you came back here.
It hasn't been long
since I came here.
You sure have a way with
surprising people
when you leave, and when you come.
Don't be like that.
Damn it!
I'm really sorry for what
I did to you guys back then.
And I'm really sorry that
it's taken me so long to apologize.
So, why did you leave so suddenly?
I heard that you told So Ra that
you weren't even going to study abroad.
I mean, it's not like
you guys are twins.
So is it possible for you two
to look this similar?
Well, they say that there are
two other people in the world
who look just like you.
Really!
Look it up.
Well, I did hear that too, but...
Well, why not? Our old homeroom
teacher looked just like him, too.
And he's related to him, so it makes
sense that he'd look more similar.
There's something I want to ask, though.
When did you two get married?
I don't even remember
when we got married.
But we're planning to
get divorced today.
But, why?
Adults have their own
circumstances to deal with, Kid.
"Kid?"
I have another question, then.
You're an actor, right? But how do you
manage to memorize your lines?
I heard you gave up on memorizing the
multiplication table when you got to 5.
Who said that?
I memorized up to six,
at the very least!
Liar.
Go ahead, then.
Hey!
Hey... why do you keep
doing that to me?
Huh?
I'm sorry!
Six times eight?
T-thirty-three!
Thanks for coming.
No, you were right.
Hey, let's do that again.
I wanted to apologize to everyone...
before I ran into them randomly.
- Thirty-three!
- Jeez.
Ta-da!
Ugh, I'm so annoyed!
Hey, let's have a proper duel!
- Hm?
- Oh.
It's me again.
If she only smiles a lot
when she gets drunk
that's pretty good.
She's a lot better than
a certain someone.
You're drunk.
You should stop.
What do you mean, "stop?"
Why would you tell her to stop
when Ji Soo hasn't answered anything?
What about you?
You didn't answer, either.
Before, Choo Geun Deok asked you if
you've ever regretted getting married.
And then you said you'd drink
an entire bottle instead!
Well, I was just really craving alcohol.
Hey, hey, hey.
Send these guys home.
All right. If you don't want to
talk about the present
let's talk about the past.
Um... oh!
Your first love.
The name of your first love, Ji Soo!
My first love?
Are you going to
pass on this one, too?
Well, I guess it can't be helped, then.
- Here.
- It's fine.
I'll drink it.
Kang Shin Woo.
Huh?
The name of my first love...
is Kang Shin Woo.
Oh, Mr. Kang Shin Woo, the teacher?
Ji Soo is talking about
our old homeroom teacher.
She did look at him in a way
that the other students didn't, yeah.
Yeah, Na Hee?
Oh, how could math supplement
English lessons?
If you're drunk, then go to sleep!
- Was that Ms. Baek?
- Yeah.
She's drinking?
With who?
The man she went on a
date with last time.
Ugh, I'm so pissed!
I'm going now.
Hey, Choo Geun Deok!
How could you just leave first, when
there are two people passed out here?
You have Kang Shin Woo,
and this kid!
Shin Woo can take care of Ji Soo.
And as for Min Seok...
you can take care of him.
But, look at my arm!
Shouldn't we switch?
This is just too cruel.
That's why you need to support him,
since I have two arms, too.
Hey, Kim Min Seok!
Get up. Let's go home.
Put your glasses on.
- Ugh.
- Hey.
Are you okay, Ji Soo?
Oh jeez.
Ji Soo.
Are you okay?
Han Ji Soo!
Why aren't you eating?
Are you not feeling well?
I didn't know we'd be
coming to a place like this.
This place's soft tofu stew is the best.
I'm telling you, it's a hidden gem!
Sure.
Eat up.
You have some money saved up
since you're old, right, Ms. Na Hee?
What?
I want to have the wedding
as soon as we can.
My mom was worried, saying
that you may be a bit too old.
I mean, to be frank, you're not exactly
at a prime childbearing age anymore.
And well, I...
am more than capable, stamina-wise.
And I want to have three kids.
Wow, you're really inconsiderate.
My glass is empty!
Alcohol tastes better
when a woman pours it.
Alcohol tastes the best when a younger
"Big Brother" pours it for you.
Here.
Drink up, Ms. Baek.
How did you know
that I was here?
I always manage to find you, remember?
Oh, you look so pretty, Ms. Baek.
Want me to buy you a meal?
Didn't you see me
eating back there?
Want me to buy you alcohol, then?
It's fine, so don't follow me!
Ugh, this is so humiliating!
Why is it that I always
end up with terrible men?
Hm... probably so that
you'll fall for me.
Why has your temper
died down so much, Ms. Baek?
So, stop settling for those
run-down carts
and start riding in a nice,
new foreign car, already!
Who says that I like foreign cars?
All I want is a comfortable, compact car.
A nice, compact car that won't
make me worry and think
"oh, what if it breaks and
I can't ride it anymore?"
To be honest, I hate the fact that
you're successful and rich!
And I hate the fact that
you're a celebrity
and that you're
younger than me, too!
Because all of those things...
make me feel inferior to you!
Why do you worry about
things like that?
I'm the one who's inferior to you.
Because I like you a lot more
than you like me
so I'll always be the one
who'll be inferior to you.
Ugh, seriously.
I see that you're keeping your
arms to yourself until the very end.
Well, I'm not as tall as you, so...
Pass him over to me.
I'll lay him down.
Ugh, you despicable thing!
Where are your kids?
They're at their grandma's house.
Oh, what a shame.
I wanted to see them.
We have photos of them here.
Get it together, already!
Oh gosh, what a surprise.
Jeez.
They would've been better off
if they'd taken after So Ra.
This is why genetics is a scary thing.
Want something to drink?
Um, sure.
But, um...
isn't it okay for people to do
what they want to do in life, a little?
Listen to me carefully.
I'll give you some advice,
as someone who is older than you.
Don't you ever...
entertain anything stupid like dreams.
Dreams that only make you
happy and satisfied
while making everyone
around you miserable.
Those aren't dreams.
They're poison.
Your dreams won't keep being
exciting to you forever.
It's the same thing as marriage.
It briefly makes you happy
in the beginning.
And on some days, you hate your spouse
so much that you could kill them.
And on some days, you regret it
and wonder to yourself
if you could've made
other choices in life.
And there are some days
when I want to slap myself in
the face for choosing this.
But...
no matter what you end up doing,
or who you end up living with...
it all becomes the same, in the end.
All of it ends up feeling
average and insignificant.
So, make sure...
that you live your life well,
and make smart choices.
Don't end up saying such
naive things, like Min Seok.
But...
I wasn't talking about Min Seok...
er, I mean, Mr. Min Seok.
I was talking about you.
You were the one, right?
The one who'd always bring
curling irons to school
and collected pretty pictures.
And would touch up your friends'
hair during break times.
You were the friend
who was most happy when
they did those things, right?
In the photo over there.
But now, you seem to be quite different
than you were in this photo.
Hey.
You need to get
educated by Shin Woo.
Shin Woo knows how to say things like
this in a more pleasant way, at least.
Also, of course I'd look older
when this photo was from 10 years ago!
That's not what I meant.
It's that... your eyes look different.
In this photo,
your eyes are...
your eyes are sparking brightly.
I'll be going now.
It's almost the hospital's curfew.
Thank you for the beverage.
Hey, Jang So Ra!
Why are you getting me
all excited?
Huh?
I gave up on this already, so why?
Why are you getting me
excited about this again? Why?
Ten years ago, there was once a time
when your dream was me.
So, can't you believe in me
just one more time, So Ra?
Just like you did back then?
It seems like adult life
is pretty complicated, too.
Mr. Kang?
Is this a dream?
Oh, you gave me a piggyback ride
like this a long time ago, too.
Right, Mr. Kang?
I'm not.
Take a good look at me.
I'm not your teacher.
Back then...
there was so much
that I wanted to do for you.
And there was so much
that I wanted to say to you!
But I had to hold myself back so much
because I was your teacher!
So, do you really think...
that I want to hear you
call me that again?
But...
You are my teacher, Mr. Kang.
I told you, I'm not!
Just...
say that you are!
This is my dream, anyway.
Fine.
Do it.
Call me your teacher.
See?
You are.
I really, really...
wanted to see you
so badly...
Mr. Kang.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Longing Heart]
This is the ring that
I picked up for her.
You always call your old homeroom
teacher's name when you get drunk.
It makes me so jealous.
I really want to visit him,
but I can't find him.
I'm sorry.
Do you know why Doctor Han Ji Soo never
came back here for all these years?
Was there anything weird about
Ji Soo ten years ago, you ask?
Come to think of it, back then...
Does Kang Shin Woo
still like Han Ji Soo?
Yeah.
How could you say that,
considering what she did to us?
Hey, Jang So Ra.
Surely you knew
Han Ji Soo better than that.
Making you feel pain, too,
would be even more cruel of me.
So I'll forever live
miserable, by myself.
The periphery of those eyes
that turned a fiery red.
It may have been that,
at that moment...
I got the feeling that...
I had been unable to avoid...
my true fate.